chore: add issue template to repo (#1881)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: .github/issue_template.md

### If it's a discussion, please start one [here](https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/discussions).

- [ ] Before opening this issue, I've searched open and closed issues for a fix.

## Expected Behavior

> ## Actual Behavior (please provide screenshots)

Reviewer: Some of our issues are code only, should we clarify that? 

```suggestion
## Actual Behavior (please provide screenshots if it's a visual issue)
```

Author: Yep I like that.

## Steps to Reproduce the Problem

1.
2.
3.

## Specifications (please add any other notable libs/details)

> - Kaizen version:

Reviewer: I like including this, should go a long way to identifying if an issue might have been subtly fixed by a recent release

Author: Totally. Was also wondering if it's worth adding like a `Kaizen component version:` if it's like `"@kaizen/brand": "^1.1.1",` but maybe that's enough?

> - Repo:

Reviewer: When I read this, my first though was "won't the repo always be kaizen-design-system?"

But I'm guessing this is about a bug where the problem might have been encountered? Is there a way to capture that in the name?

In our team we often talk about "consuming repos" but I am not sure that language would be obvious to people outside our team

Author: I was more going for "what repo you're working in?" for our context. Like `survey-summary-frontend` or maybe that's not useful to us?

Reviewer 2: If it's an issue in production, the repo and/or location in the product is useful. If it's an issue someone has encountered in work that's in progress, a branch is useful. It would be hard to capture these things succinctly - I wouldn't be opposed to excluding this for brevity and let whoever opened the issue to provide whatever information they think is useful.

## Labelling

1. If related to a component, please add a label like so `component:mycomponent`.
2. Then label with `bug`, `enhancement`/`feature`\* or `documentation`.

> **\* A feature is a new component/functionality and an enhancement is an improvement on existing component/functionality.**

Reviewer: Is functionality a plural? If I read "a new functionality" it sounds wrong. I'm tempted to reword this to avoid that :)

```suggestion
**\* A feature is a new component or piece of functionality and an enhancement is an improvement to an existing component or piece of functionality.**
```

Author: Good catch, moved it around and missed that.
